= ar_finder_extension

http://github.com/ismasan/ar_finder_extension/tree

== DESCRIPTION:

A skeleton gem to test different conventions for extending ActiveRecord.

The test gem overrides ActiveRecord::Base.find to search by title instead of ID.

It scopes correclty when used in collections.

   Post.find "some post"

   @user.posts.find "some post" # scopes SQL query to user_id

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

THIS IS NOT PRODUCTION-READY CODE.

The intent of this is to try out different approaches to extending ActiveRecord, as a testbed to refactoring other libraries or writing new ones.


== REQUIREMENTS:

ActiveRecord. Rspec for the test suite.

== INSTALL:

Git clone it.

== TEST:

rake db:create # creates sqlite3 test db file under spec/db/

rake spec

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Ismael Celis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.